pick up video um I got up first part
Jason about a bug on my first pair of
jigs in a long time in there a pair of
home SC tues Jordan se to the arm you
know the I guess you know the regular
joint is not air jordans maybe they got
just pick them up today from hibbett
sports got a pair of jordan socks to go
with them put them in the box here they
go um I got the white the white um the
black in the putting on to the white the
black in the varsity red um right there
is a cement or elephant print right
there and did you see is white i know
it's right in here i don't know if you
could pick up the details real well but
it is white black and red there's a
slight patch on the arm tongue black
shoe laces um the jumpman is the jumpman
isn't like a sort about a plastic kind
of thing but the old shoes like leather
there's no suede on this except for the
hell except for the sin that print yeah
yeah this is like my first pair of
jordans like a long time like I said
they're not air jordans but they still
look clean you know really I still had
to pick him up is never still really
really nice but yeah yeah calm tell me
what you think of them comments like
check out my other videos subscribe if
you want to be I got on I have more
pickups on the way so long look out for
me but you know like a Jordan SC two
white black shouting whoa varsity red
but on yeah brand-new fresh out the box
never been worn he's a brand new just
got him today yeah like I said I got
more pickups on the way home look out
for me I got
I got a big water coming in from
karmaloop so I should have it by monday
or on tuesday hopefully by monday is my
boxes come in but yeah on like i said
some what you think of them it's my
first to review video it's not really i
wouldn't say it's really a review but
it's really showing y'all what the shoe
looks like but yeah tell me what y'all
think um leave me some feedback and
check out some other videos subscribe if
you want to but yeah check out see y'all
later